Hello everybody, this is Talon back with another nutritional tier list. Today we're taking a look at the most popular fruits and stacking them up against each other nutritionally, to show you which ones are the very best, and which ones are just good because I'm going to tell you straight up, there isn't a bad fruit on this list. What I found really separates fruits from the other major food groups is generally their higher concentration of fibres, natural sugars with lower glycemic indexes and antioxidants. So we're going to be keeping an eye out for the fruits that excel in providing these nutrients as well as the ones whose nutritional contents goes beyond them as well. Taking a look at the tears for this video, which I just want to remind you to change based on what we're analyzing. I'm grading fruits pretty tough. Like I said most if not all of them will end up being a net positive for your health, we're going to be comparing the nutritional value bang for your buck style per 100 grams against any health risks that should be taken into account, as well as how often you should realistically be eating them. The top tier will be reserved for some of the greatest foods on Earth. But rest assured that everything above F tear is still something I deem healthy, just maybe somewhat nutritionally lacking Speaking of which, in this video, I'll be bringing up a lot of nutrients that you may not be familiar with. And if this is the case, I have a video that I'll link right here going over all of it. Before we start, I'm curious, go ahead and tell me what your favorite fruit is down in the comments and let me know where you think it'll land. And one last thing if you enjoy these tier lists, or at the very least find them helpful, I encourage you to subscribe because there's plenty more on the way and now that that's out of the way it's time for us to reap the fruits of my labor and get to the list. First on our list is apples. Apples are a pretty low calorie fruits containing an average of 10 grams of sugar and three grams of fiber but are honestly fairly lacking in terms of micronutrients. They do, however, contain a good variety of antioxidants including Herceptin which has anti inflammatory, anti viral, anti cancer and anti depressant effects. catechin which is shown to improve brain function and chlorogenic acid which is shown to regulate blood sugar. Apples also help regulate cholesterol levels and it's phytonutrients help protect against certain diseases. Now apples may cause problems for people with irritable bowel syndrome, and they often make an appearance in the Dirty Dozen a yearly update of the 12 most pesticide ridden options. Apples are always going to be a good fruit but they do offer far less nutritionally than many other fruits shocking at least myself. I'm putting them in the beats here. Apricot has a relatively low calorie fruit, packing nine grams of sugar and two grams of fiber with a decent variety of micronutrients, particularly vitamin A and vitamin C. They're a good source of antioxidants, specifically beta carotene, a precursor to vitamin A, as well as vitamin C, vitamin E and a variety of flavonoids apricot are also shown to promote eye skin, gut and immune health. Now typically the more vividly orange colored apricots have been treated with sulfites which may impact asthma or cause an upset stomach while nutritious apricot are somewhat lacking compared to other fruits and they will rest in the seats here. Hass avocados are a pretty high calorie fruits with one gram of sugar and seven grams of fiber with one of the more impressive micronutrient profiles. The majority of its calories come from fats mainly 10 grams of oleic acid, a mono unsaturated Omega nine fatty acid that has shown to aid in wound healing and absorption of fat soluble vitamins and minerals. It is high in fiber aiding in digestive health and maintenance and contains a variety of antioxidants including Luthien, which helps maintain eye health as well as vitamin E and several plant sterols. Avocados are also shown to protect against heart disease maintain cholesterol levels, and it has potential to raise levels of adiponectin a hormone that regulates blood sugar the only consistently proven problem with avocados is that they contain a lot of calories and can probably be eaten too much. If weight is a concern of yours. However, they are often considered the most nutritious fruits and we'll take the first slot and our top tier Bananas are a moderately high calorie fruits with 12 grams of sugar, three grams of fiber and a decent variety of micronutrients. While they aren't the most potassium dense fruit on this list, they do contain a solid amount which helps keep blood pressure and fluid levels balanced in the body. It contains a good variety of antioxidants such as vitamin C, vitamin E and beta carotene. It's vitamin B six contents aids in the creation of red blood cells which move oxygen throughout the body. Bananas are also shown to promote heart health and digestive health and they give a solid dose of energy due to its high carbohydrate contents both sugar and starches including resistant starch which is shown to balance blood sugar and benefit gut bacteria. Now bananas in excess are shown to lead to gas problems or bloating but they are one of the most commonly eaten fruits for a reason earning at a place in the top tier blackberries are a low calorie fruits with five grams of sugar, five grams of fiber and a good dosage of micronutrients especially vitamin C and manganese first off blackberries being such a solid source of fiber aids and digestive health and they're also shown to boost metabolism it's high concentration of the vitamin C antioxidants is shown to aid in bone health and blood vessel health. blackberries are also shown to improve the immune system brain function and provide oral antibacterial benefits. Blackberries have no consistent notable downsides in their natural state. However, the
same cannot be said for most BlackBerry products like jelly which take out a lot of the fiber and add excess sugar. The only other thing worth mentioning is that blackberries do seem to go bad pretty quickly, often in the form of mold overall blackberries are among the most nutritious fruits and berries and we'll also be joining the top tier blueberries are in moderately low calorie fruits packing 10 grams of sugar, two grams of fiber and a decent micronutrient profile where blueberries really shine is their antioxidant content. Blueberries have the highest concentration of antioxidants of any fruit, including quercetin, microset in vitamin C, and especially anthocyanins. These all contribute to the eradication of free radicals which cause damage to the body cells, effectively protecting against diseases and essentially delaying the deterioration of nearly all bodily functions. Blueberries are also shown to maintain blood sugar levels and cognitive ability and improve muscle progenitor cells and muscle recovery time blueberries are shown to have no notable adverse health effects and it looks like I'm going to continue to cram this top tier cantaloupe is a very low calorie fruits with eight grams of sugar one gram of fiber and a good concentration of micronutrients especially vitamin A and vitamin C, although that's actually a bit misleading. Cantaloupe actually contains beta carotene which the body converts into vitamin A and then uses to preserve iHealth cancela was also high and other antioxidants like vitamin C, lutein, zeaxanthin and crypto Xanthine. To protect various bodily functions. They're also shown to help prevent heart disease. Cantaloupe does have a few potential downsides though in excess it has been shown to potentially cause harm to kidneys, sometimes even leading to a condition called hyperkalemia. And eating too much of it has been shown to be hard on your intestines, possibly leading to stomach cramps and diarrhea. Overall cantaloupe is definitely a nutritious pick that it seems like you can eat too much of perfect for the beets here sweet cherries are a mildly caloric fruit packing 13 grams of sugar and two grams of fiber. Its micronutrient profile also leaves a bit to be desired cherries are however high in antioxidants and anti inflammatory compounds, especially polyphenols which the body primarily uses to manage blood related activities. Cherries are also shown to alleviate muscle damage and aid in post workout recovery. They are also shown to improve sleep quality heart health and symptoms of arthritis and gout. Now in excess cherries have been shown to lead to stomach cramps and intestinal gas and they are admittedly pretty high in sugar so you don't want to eat too many of them. Cherries also make regular appearances and the Dirty Dozen meaning they're often covered in pesticides. However, their unique health benefits can't be denied and I'll be placing them in the beets here but there is an argument that they could be in the eight here coconut is a very high calorie fruits containing six grams of sugar, nine grams of fiber and a pretty solid micronutrient profile. Being a particularly good source of manganese coconuts are obviously very high in fiber eating and digestive maintenance, but the majority of its calories come from medium chain triglycerides which are shown to aid in brain health and weight loss. They also contain antioxidants like Selenium to promote immune health and have been shown to improve skin health coconut oil has been shown to increase HDL levels and coconuts as a whole are very filling. Now coconut oil is very high in saturated fat which is very controversial when it comes to its effects on LDL levels and heart health. It seems more research is needed to determine the long term effects of coconut on your heart but beyond that they are very calorically dense and have been shown to cause nausea and excess so coconut is not the kind of fruit you want to eat too much of but it does yield its own unique health benefits. I'll be placing it in the seeds here cranberries are a low calorie fruits with four grams of sugar, five grams of fiber and a good micronutrient profile. While they're a good source of fiber to promote digestive health were cranberries really shine is their antioxidant contents. These include vitamin C, vitamin E commerce setting, myostatin piano din and ursolic acid all of which yield various immune and cellular protection benefits. Cranberries also prevent UTIs urinary tract infections thanks to being one of the richest sources of a Phyto nutrient called a Type pro anthocyanins. They also seem to reduce the risk of stomach cancer and stomach ulcers and aid in heart health. Now cranberry sometimes contain a high amount of oxalates potentially leading to kidney stones for those with pre eggs justing issues but otherwise they are a very safe and very nutritious fruit safely landing
in the ATO Deglet Noor dates are a high calorie fruits containing 63 grams of sugar and eight grams of fiber with a decent concentration of certain micronutrients dates are high in fiber, which promote digestion and they're also high in antioxidants, including flavonoids, carotenoids, and phenolic acid. They're also shown to promote brain health, bone health and to an extent blood sugar regulation dates are in my opinion among the best food for those who have a sweet tooth and are looking to avoid added sugars. But it's really hard to look past that high of a sugar content. So it's probably best to eat fresh dates, especially if blood sugar is a concern. While dates are nutritious, I don't think I should have to be the one to tell you that they should be eaten in moderation I'll be placing them in the D tier dried figs are another high calorie fruit full of 48 grams of sugar and 10 grams of fiber with a very high micronutrient profile. Now dried figs are far more nutritious than their fresh counterparts. They're very high in fiber and good for digestive health. They contain polyphenols antioxidants to prevent damage the cells things are also shown to help manage blood pressure and blood sugar levels and promote healthy skin. Now figs in excess have been shown to give people diarrhea, but they share a very familiar issue of just being so full of sugars. Things are good, but you should limit your intake of them and they will be joining their sugary brethren and the D tier American grapes are a moderately caloric fruit containing 16 grams of sugar, one gram of fiber and a solid micronutrient profile highlighting mainly its manganese content. Grapes contain powerful antioxidants specifically polyphenols to combat various cancers. They also contain quercetin and reserve at all to improve heart health grapes are shown to benefit eye health and boost brain health and memory. They're also high in melatonin which is shown to aid with sleep. Now grapes have been shown to potentially lead to an upset stomach or diarrhea if you have acid reflux and grapes do frequent the Dirty Dozen, meaning they're often covered in pesticides overall and grapes are a good fruit that fits perfectly among the best and the beets here grapefruit is a low calorie fruits containing seven grams of sugar and two grams of fiber with a lower micronutrient concentration with the exception of vitamin C and vitamin A. The vitamin C is a powerful antioxidants contributing to immune health but it's not the only one at work. Other antioxidants include beta carotene, which the body actually uses to make vitamin A lycopene and several flavonoids to improve various bodily functions. Grapefruit is shown to prevent insulin resistance and diabetes and help protect against skin damage. Lastly, grapefruit citric acid contents helps prevent kidney stones now grapefruit has been known to mess with some medications including some blood pressure and cholesterol meds but other than that grapefruit is shown to be one of the safer fruits out there that coupled with their very impressive nutritional profile, I'm going to be placing them in the top tier guava as a mid calorie fruit possessing nine grams of sugar and five grams of fiber with a really good micronutrient profile mainly due to that insane vitamin C content that vitamin C obviously contributes greatly to immune health guavas are also a good source of fiber aiding in digestion. They're shown to lower blood sugar levels and boost heart health and supposedly help ease the pains of menstruation in excess guava can lead to feelings of bloating and diarrhea and has been shown to sometimes aggravate irritable bowel syndrome, but overall Guava is an excellent fruit especially in moderation earning at a spot in the eighth year honeydew is a low calorie fruits with eight grams of sugar, one gram of fiber and honestly not that impressive of a micronutrient profile with the exception of a good amount of vitamin C that vitamin C does aid in immune health and honeydew is also shown to maintain blood pressure and bone health and preserve eye health thanks to the antioxidants lutein and zeaxanthin in excess honeydew has been shown to lead to digestive issues and diarrhea. Honeydew is by no means a bad fruit, but it is somewhat lacking compared to the other options making me feel it's best suited for the seeds. Here kiwi is a moderately low calorie fruits with nine grams of sugar three grams of fiber and a solid micronutrient profile owing mainly to its high amount of vitamin C. On top of that vitamin C aiding and immune health Kiwis also contain other antioxidants like choline, lutein and zeaxanthin. Kiwis are also good for skin health and maintain blood pressure and heart health. Kiwis are also high in serotonin which helps regulate mood and sleep and may alleviate symptoms of asthma. Now, kiwis could cause problems for people who take beta blockers or blood thinners or people who have pre existing kidney issues. Overall, Kiwis are one of the most nutritious fruits on this list and will rest comfortably in the top tier lemon specifically the wedge not the peel Allah is a very low calorie fruits with three grams of sugar, three grams of fiber and a rather unimpressive micro profile with the exception of a good amount of vitamin C that Vitamin C is a powerful antioxidants responsible for maintaining immune and skin health. Lemons are also a good source of flavonoids mainly contributing an anti inflammatory effect. However, where lemons really shine is their citric acid content which is shown to prevent the formation of kidney stones. It's also shown to help better absorb iron a tough to absorb mineral from plant based sources like spinach. Also lemon peels contain limonene which has shown to have anti inflammatory and wound healing effects. Now lemons have been shown to exacerbate dermatitis and they are obviously quite acidic so don't need too much of them but lemons serve a unique purpose with unique benefits and I believe the general population can and should consume lemon juice regularly so lemons will be a solid B tea or fruit limes. Again the wedge not the peel are the counterpart to lemons and provide similar nutritional benefits with two grams of sugar, three grams of fiber and a minimal micronutrient contents with the exception of vitamin C. Limes provide a variety of antioxidants including flavonoids limonoids came for all CR seven and of course vitamin C while lemons have a higher vitamin C content limes outperform them and citric acid which helps prevent the formation of kidney stones and aids in the absorption of iron specifically from plant based sources. Lime peels also contain lemonade which has anti inflammatory and wound healing effects. Limes are also very acidic and have actually been shown to potentially aggravate acid reflux, difficulty swallowing and even erosion of tooth enamel in excess but similar to lemons, the acidity in limes is irreplaceable in moderation and they will join the beets here alongside them. Mangoes are a moderately caloric fruits with 15 grams of sugar two grams of fiber and a solid micronutrient profile only mainly to its vitamin C and vitamin A content that Vitamin C is good for immune and skin health and mangoes. Vitamin A content is actually an antioxidant called beta carotene, which the body converts into vitamin A and uses to maintain eye health and prevent cancers. Mangos are also packed with poly phenols and both the skin and the flesh which act as antioxidants. Lastly mangoes are shown to aid in digestive health. Now mangoes are higher in sugar than most fruits which is not inherently bad, but a reason to eat them in moderation. They have also sometimes been shown to lead to diarrhea and indigestion mangoes are a much more nutritious fruit than I initially thought and I'm going to be placing them in the beets here nectarines are a low calorie fruits possessing eight grams of sugar, two grams of fiber and a rather unimpressive micronutrient profile. They contain a fair amount of antioxidants including flavonoids, anthocyanins and vitamin C their phenolic compounds reduce the risk of cancer nectarines are also shown to maintain skin health and improve heart and digestive health. Now nectarines have been shown to potentially lead to indigestion in excess and often find themselves in the Dirty Dozen meaning they may be covered in pesticides. The main problem however, is that they really just don't have as much to offer as many other fruits. They're good but I can't put them any higher than the deeds here can green olives, which seems to be the most common way they're eaten are a pretty high calorie fruit with zero grams of sugar, three grams of fiber and a less than stellar micronutrient profile. Most of those calories come from fats olives contain 11 grams of fat per 100 grams and most of that is a mono unsaturated fat called oleic acid which is shown to decrease inflammation and the risk of heart disease and cancer. All lives are rich and antioxidants including tyrosol oleanolic acid curse Sneddon and vitamin E, they have potential to increase levels of adiponectin, a hormone that regulates blood sugar, and has been shown to improve bone health. Now candle is do contain a criminal aid a chemical leftover from processing that has been associated with an increased risk of cancer and they are often brines leaving them high in sodium, which in excess has been associated with an increased risk of heart complications. However, neither of these should really be that much of an issue because all lives are the kind of fruit that are meant to be eaten in moderation anyway, and when they are they're a solid BT or fruit oranges are a relatively low calorie fruit containing nine grams of sugar, two grams of fiber and a mild micronutrient profile with the exception of a great amount of vitamin C. Oranges are high in antioxidants, including flavonoids, carotenoids, and of course vitamin C, all of which aid in immune health in various ways. Oranges are also shown to promote heart health, protect against diabetes and certain cancers and help prevent anemia due to eating and iron absorption. Similar to other citrus fruits. orange peels also contain limonene which has anti inflammatory and wound healing effects. Now oranges have been shown to sometimes lead stomach acidity issues especially in people with acid reflux, but in moderation there are no other notable downsides. Oranges are a solid antier fruits and one of the most popular fruits for a reason. Papaya is a low calorie fruit with six grams of sugar, two grams of fiber and a solid micronutrient profile owing mainly to its very high vitamin C concentration alongside that vitamin C which improves immune hearts and skin health. Papaya is also full of carotenoids, which help prevent hypothyroidism liver disease and Alzheimer's disease. Papaya is especially known for its lycopene concentration which plays a huge role in removing oxidative stress. However, the one thing that makes papaya unique is an enzyme called pain which aids in protein breakdown and digestion. Unfortunately, pain is a bit of a double edged sword as in excess it can cause throat, esophagus or stomach irritation. Overall, papaya is a really nutritious fruits that belongs at bare minimum in the beats here pages are a pretty low calorie fruit containing eight grams of sugar, two grams of fiber and a rather unimpressive micronutrient profile compared to most fruits. In fact, those nutrients might look familiar, they're the exact same ones that are the most prominent in nectarines. That's because nectarines are basically just peaches but with one key genetic difference that makes them not fuzzy. Like nectarines peaches are a pretty good source of antioxidants, flavonoids, anthocyanins, phenolic, acid and vitamin C, all of which maintain immune health and protect cells from free radicals. Peaches are also shown to improve heart health, skin health and digestive health. But just like nectarines in excess, they could lead to indigestion and are frequently part of the Dirty Dozen and are really just somewhat lacking nutritionally compared to other fruits pages are also going to be in the details here alongside they're not so fuzzy cousins, pears are probably my favorite fruits. And
well, you'll see pears are a moderately low calorie fruit with 10 grams of sugar, three grams of fiber and quite honestly the least impressive micronutrient profile on this list. They do contain lutein and zeaxanthin. compounds that maintain eye health and pears are also shown to maintain digestive health and bowel regularity. They boost heart health and combat certain cancers and diabetes. The thing is they contain a lot of sugar for such a little value outside of that. And beyond that they also commonly make an appearance in the dirty dozen pairs aren't going to hurt you but at the end of the day, they do belong in the deets here among the lowliest of the fruits on our list. Nutritionally, pineapples are a pretty low calorie fruit containing 10 grams of sugar, one gram of fiber and a solid micronutrient profile, mainly thanks to its high amounts of vitamin C and manganese that manganese aids in bone formation and metabolism and the vitamin C is joined with other antioxidants like flavonoids and phenolic compounds all of which are shown to boost immune health and prevent damage caused by free radicals. Pineapples are also shown to ease symptoms of arthritis and uniquely contain bromelain, a group of enzymes that aid in recovery from muscle soreness now grumbling in excess has been shown to lead to diarrhea and upset stomach, but overall pineapple is a wonderful fruit that yields several unique benefits and belong in the eights here at a bare minimum. Plums are a pretty low calorie fruit with 10 grams of sugar, one gram of fiber and a pretty thorough micronutrient profile. Plums are very high in antioxidants, especially polyphenols which are great for bone and heart health. They also obviously contain a good amount of vitamin C to aid in immune health. Plums have a great anti inflammatory effect and also have potential to increase levels of adiponectin a hormone that regulates blood sugar plums do sometimes cause stomach gas or diarrhea, but all things considered very, very beneficial fruits and will land in the beets here. Pomegranate seeds please don't directly ingest the rest of it are a moderately high calorie fruit containing 14 grams of sugar, four grams of fiber and a solid supply of micronutrients. Pomegranates are very rich in antioxidants including Punic, halogen, anthocyanins, hydrolyzable, tannins and vitamin C, which support the health and preservation of many bodily systems. Punic halogens in particular have been shown to have powerful anti inflammatory properties. The polyphenols and pomegranates are shown to improve exercise endurance and the elegy vitamins prevent Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease. Pomegranates are also shown to maintain blood pressure prevent kidney stone formation and are very beneficial for gut bacteria. From what I could gather there are no consistent downsides to pomegranate seeds. They do contain a lot of sugar but it's obviously natural and not really concerning considering pomegranates lower glycemic index pomegranate seeds are deserving of the title of a top tier fruit just please do not eat any of the rest of it. Canned pumpkin which is more nutritious than fresh pumpkin due to being denser is a low calorie fruit providing three grams of sugar and three grams of fiber with an unassuming micronutrient profile outside of it's insanely high vitamin A contents. As you should know by now pumpkin doesn't actually provide ready to use vitamin A it is instead stupidly rich and beta carotene which your body converts into vitamin A and then mainly uses to preserve eye health. Pumpkin also contains Alpha carotene and beta crypto Xanthine, which are great for protecting skin from sun damage. Pumpkin also contains lutein and zeaxanthin to further maintain eye health, and it's shown to boost immune health and heart health. Lastly, pumpkin prevents protein carb modulation essentially the oxidation and degradation of proteins pumpkin has sometimes been shown to cause stomach discomfort, diarrhea or nausea. But it's no stretch to say that canned pumpkin is among the healthiest foods on Earth, ranking up there in the top tier. Raspberries are a low calorie fruit containing four grams of sugar and six grams of fiber and a great micronutrient profile owing mainly to its impressive amounts of vitamin C and manganese. First off raspberries are a good source of fiber making them good for maintaining digestive health where raspberries really shine though isn't antioxidants, specifically vitamin C, Herceptin and allergic acid, all contributing to immune health and various bodily systems. Raspberries are also shown to reduce symptoms of arthritis with no real notable downsides to speak of raspberries or just a really healthy a tear fruits. Butternut Squash cooked is a low calorie fruit with two grams of sugar three grams of fiber and a solid micronutrient profile excluding that vitamin A concentration which is nothing short of amazing squash contains a great amount of carotenoids which are converted into vitamin A and used to eight an eye health, bone health and immune health squash contains other antioxidants as well that help prevent cancer, heart disease and mental decline. They also maintain blood pressure and digestive health. Now squash sometimes results in stomach pain and diarrhea but the benefits can't be denied and I believe butternut squash is an 80 year fruit strawberries are a low calorie fruit packing five grams of sugar, two grams of fiber and a good micronutrient profile mainly due to its impressive amount of vitamin C. Strawberries are a great source of antioxidants including proanthocyanidins, allergic acid and of course vitamin C, all of which preserve many bodily functions. They're also rich in anthocyanins specifically poletto needed which aids in maintaining heart health strawberries are also shown to maintain metabolism and regulate blood sugar. Now strawberry allergies are fairly common, especially in younger children and they are also frequently part of the Dirty Dozen meaning they're often covered in pesticides, but overall strawberries are a very healthy fruit earning its spot in the eights here. tangerines are a pretty low calorie fruit containing 11 grams of sugar, two grams of fiber and a decent micronutrient profile with the highlight being a solid concentration of vitamin C alongside vitamin C. tangerines are also high and other antioxidants including beta crypto Xanthine and several flavonoids tangerines are also shown to boost immune I brain and skin health. Nutritionally they are very similar to oranges with the main difference being oranges provide about double the vitamin C. While tangerines edged out and vitamin A tangerines are also slightly less acidic than oranges but could still technically cause stomach discomfort in excess. At the end of the day. It's kind of hard for me to put oranges and Atheer without putting tangerines there too. So that's where they're going. Tomatoes are an extremely low calorie fruit providing three grams of sugar and one gram of fiber with a solid micronutrient profile. Tomatoes are a great source of antioxidants, vitamin C beta carotene, chlorogenic acid and Neron Jenin all of which manage immune health I help cholesterol levels and several other bodily functions, but the one tomatoes are most known for lycopene not only gives most tomatoes their signature red color, but it's also one of the strongest antioxidants for heart health, sun protection and cancer protection. In moderation tomatoes have no proven notable downsides, although they occasionally make appearances in the Dirty Dozen, meaning they get a fair amount of pesticides. Overall tomatoes are one of the best sources of antioxidants and are one of the most commonly eaten fruits for a reason. earning their spot in the Atelier watermelon is a very low calorie fruit providing six grams of sugar and a negligible amount of fiber with a not so impressive micronutrient profile. Watermelon is also a great source of lycopene which is great for heart health, skin health and cancer prevention and provides a fair amount of vitamin C which aids in immune health. Watermelon has also shown to help maintain blood pressure and as the name suggests, it is one of the best ways to eat your water. Overall there isn't a lot of room for watermelon to go wrong because there isn't a lot in water. marmelade in the first place nutritionally, it's a de tier fruits, but as far as taste goes, it's up there. Lastly, zucchini is an incredibly low calorie fruit with two grams of sugar, one gram of fiber and as a mild source of micronutrients, there are fine source of antioxidants specifically lutein, zeaxanthin and beta carotene, which are all beneficial for Eye Health. Zucchini is also good for digestive health and cancer prevention. And as shown to maintain the thyroid. Zucchini has been shown to potentially cause stomach issues, especially in those with irritable bowel syndrome. Zucchini is a nutritious I'll be an unspectacular fruit deserving of the seats, your status. As I alluded to, in the introduction, there are no bad fruits on this list. And remember, I'm grading them pretty hard, while some are more nutrient dense than others by a lot, very rarely as grabbing a fruit out of the fridge as a snack, a bad idea. And that's kind of the key to fruits as a whole. They're never the main course in a meal. To an extent they're pretty much unnecessary, but they are the best at what they do. And a positive piece in the puzzle that is your meal plan, arguably the best source of carbohydrate energy, probably the best source of fiber and easily the best source of antioxidants. For those of you that want to stay young forever. Fruits are potentially consistently the healthiest food group from a protocol perspective and are always going to be a treat that you can feel good about eating. Now if you enjoyed the video, or the very least learn a little something. I encourage you to subscribe because there are plenty more of these on the way. Let me know if there's any foods that I missed that you want me to cover somewhere down the road and let me know which food group you want me to write next. And remember to always advocate for your own body. After all, you only get the one
