Hello everybody, this is challenge and this is the first in my new series nutritional tear lists where I'm going to be breaking down all the most commonly eaten options in a specific food group and ranking them based on how nutritious they are and how good they are for your health. Today we're going over meats, meats. So the crux of many people's diets and are often the centerpiece in any given meal. They're also the primary source of protein for much of the population meats are unique in the fact that they always contain what is known as a complete protein, meaning they contain all nine essential amino acids. With all this taken into consideration meet seemed like a pretty good place to start taking a look at the tears for this video, we're going to be comparing the nutritional benefits of each meat per 100 grams against any potential health risks or shortcomings that they may have. Now I feel like the tearing is easily the most objective part of these videos by nature and with any particular food there's almost always an argument why it could be a tier above or below where I place it. And I feel like that especially rings true with this one. different meats are often eaten with such different intentions, weight loss, lean muscle growth, exercise performance, muscular endurance, bulking, cutting muscular maintenance, carnivore diets, omnivore diets, other quote unquote diets, there's too much to take into consideration to try and give them a simple letter grade. That said, I still want to make this as objective as humanly possible. So I'm going to be telling you the criteria that I'm primarily going to be grading on based on what I could gather on the main reasons people are selective with their meats, those being a good source of protein weight loss and muscular maintenance. But rest assured that if a meat is good for anything else, I will go over it, I just may not take it into consideration as much when it comes to the rankings. Also, in these videos, I'm going to be referencing plenty of nutrients that you may not be familiar with. If this is the case, I have a video going over all of them that I'll link right here. And one last thing if you enjoy these tear lists, or at the very least find them helpful, I encourage you to subscribe because there's plenty more on the way and with that being said let's dive into the meat of this video. The meats first on our list we have bacon pan cooked pork bacon is a high calorie, high protein and high fat meat and as a solid source of certain vitamins and minerals. The reason bacon is so high in protein is because it's dehydrated and is therefore more nutritionally dense per gram. As I said it's very high in fat, mainly mono unsaturated fat like oleic acid, which has been shown to lower LDL levels, improve insulin sensitivity, reduce inflammation and improve sensory motor function. It's a great source of selenium which acts like an antioxidant protecting cells while also playing a key role in DNA formation. And it's the best source of phosphorus on this list, which is needed for growth, cell maintenance and DNA production. Now bacon is also very high in saturated fat, which seems to be very controversial when it comes to its effects on heart health. In the past, saturated fat has been associated with raising LDL levels and an increased risk of heart disease. However, more recent studies are finding that it might not be that simple, and that it may depend more on the specific type of saturated fatty acid different fatty acids are categorized by their carbon chain length. I'll make a video going over all of that later. But for the purposes of this video, the length of a specific saturated fatty acids seems to be directly inverted to its effects on LDL cholesterol for bacon. The most prominent is palmitic acid which has a carbon length of 16 and seems to raise the concentration of LDL particles but specifically larger LDL particles, which many researchers have agreed is not as much of a concern. However, in larger quantities. palmitic acid has been shown to adversely affect mood and energy levels. The next most prominent is stearic acid, which has a chain length of 18. And because of that it seems to mainly have a neutral effects on LDL. The last one worth mentioning is myristic acid, which has a chain link the 14 is shown to have a stronger effect on LDL levels than even palmitic acid. Overall bacon seems to promote LDL levels more than HDL levels, but the effects are not as harmful as initially assumed. However, that's not the only potential issue. Bacon is also extremely high in sodium and too much sodium has been associated with an increased risk of stomach cancer and high blood pressure high blood pressure has been shown to be harmful in the long term. However, the link between high salt intake and death from heart disease is not as consistent bacon also often contains additives like nitrates and nitrites, which are shown to under high heat cooking form compounds called nitro sand mines which are known carcinogens substances that increase the risk of cancers However, in more recent times, antioxidants like vitamin C and erythorbic acid are now frequently added during the curing process and are shown to somewhat reduce these effects. The thing is there are very different types of bacon and nutrition and healthiness can vary from manufacturer to manufacturer bacon has a lot going for it but it also has a lot that you need to be aware of. And because of that I'll be placing it in the seats here. 9010 ground beef is a mid calorie, high protein and decently fatty meat that is a good source of certain micronutrients, specifically zinc and some B vitamins. Zinc is important for new cell development and maintenance of various bodily functions. Beef is also rich in Vitamin B 12, which is important for maintenance of blood related functions and the nervous system. It's also a good source of iron in the form of heme iron, which the body absorbs much more efficiently than the iron found in plant sources. Iron is a major component of hemoglobin, which carries oxygen across the body beef is high in carnosine, which has been linked with reduced fatigue and improved exercise performance. It's especially high in creatine which serves as an energy source for muscles. It's also a good source of choline, which is an essential components for cell membranes and plays important roles in brain and memory development. Beef also contains Taryn and glutathione, which serve as antioxidants and contains conjugated linoleic acid a naturally occurring trans fat that is shown to aid in fat loss. Speaking of fats, the primary fat found in beef is only ik acid, which is shown to lower LDL levels improve insulin sensitivity, decrease insulin inflammation and improved sensory motor function. The next most prominent are palmitic acid shown to raise the concentration of large LDL particles and stearic acid which is shown to mainly be neutral in regards to cholesterol. Now red meat has been long associated with cancer though the jury does still seem to be out on why some believe the heme iron to be the cause. Some believe it's the heterocyclic amines carcinogenic substances that formed during high heat cooking while the jury is out. I'm gonna say that the risk is still potentially there. But be aware of new studies coming out with new information. The last thing I want to mention is the difference between grass fed and grain fed beef. Unfortunately, most beef is grain fed now but grass fed beef is shown to have a higher antioxidant content, a healthier fatty acid profile higher amounts of ruminant trans fats and higher amounts of omega three fatty acids. I'm gonna be putting ground beef in the eights here. But if you're bulking or an athlete, I could totally see why it could be your number one, Bison is a lower calorie to mid protein and mildly fatty meat with a decent concentration of micronutrients. Similar to other red meats. It's rich and selenium, which protects cells and AIDS and DNA formation is also rich in zinc, which contributes to immune function and new cell development. It contains a variety of B vitamins mainly providing energy and aiding in red blood cell formation and is a good source of heme iron, which contributes to the carry of oxygen throughout the body. Bison is also a great source of creatine which serves as an energy source for muscles. It's a good source of choline, which is crucial for the development of cell membranes as well as your brain and memory and contains conjugated linoleic acid, which is shown to promote fat loss. The main draw of bison compared to something like beef is that it's notably leaner. However, it's also usually grass fed making it more nutritious. Its fat concentration is split almost right down the middle between mono unsaturated fats, mainly oleic acid and saturated fats mainly stearic acid and palmitic acid with only palmitic acid contributing to an increase in LDL and of course there is the link between red meat and cancer that hasn't been completely severed yet and should still be made aware of overall bison is another red meat contributing more in some senses while falling short and others regardless the unique benefits of this type of meats cannot be denied and bison will be joining the Ades here cooked pork bratwurst is a high calorie, low protein and very fatty meat with a lower than average micronutrient profile. It is a good source of selenium which acts as an antioxidant. But the main thing to talk about with brought worse is the fat while the primary fatty acid is only ik acid, the mono unsaturated fat that is shown to reduce LDL levels among other health benefits not too far behind our palmitic acid and stearic acid again with palmitic acid being the only one among these contributing to an increase in LDL particles, but large ones that are typically not as concerning brought worse also contains a notable amount of linoleic acid, a poly unsaturated fat that is overall shown to reduce LDL levels with some evidence that it also improves insulin sensitivity and maintains blood pressure but also seems to promote inflammation. The main takeaway from all this fatty nonsense is that it contributes a lot of calories that aren't really contributing that much compared to its low protein concentration. But on top of that bratwurst is also higher in sodium which in excess has been associated with stomach cancer and high blood pressure. They also often contain preservatives which are obviously not good for the body. Bratwurst is a tree it's not what you should be building your diet around, but they're also not the worst. I actually feel they're a deer meat. Cooked chicken breast is a low calorie, high protein and low fat meat with a Recent micronutrient profile highlighting a couple of B vitamins chicken breast is among the leanest of meats on this list making a great for weight loss but also good for lean muscle growth when complemented properly it's one of the best sources of vitamin d3 on this list, which is essential for proper metabolism and nervous system function. It's also one of the best sources of vitamin B six, which plays a key role in central nervous system function and metabolism. Chicken breast is high and carnosine, which is linked with reduced fatigue and improved muscle performance and it's supposedly safer for heart health and higher quantities than red meats. Now not all chicken breast is made equally or should I say prepared equally while grilled baked and stir fried chicken are normally as clean as it gets fried rotisserie or lunch meat chicken may contain preservatives maybe cure may have higher concentrations of sodium and may potentially be cooked in oils that
could have negative effects. This all being said they probably still retain most of the positives. Simply due to the high protein concentration and the versatility of chicken breast in your meal plan. I'm going to be placing it in the top tier cook chicken thigh is a mid calorie mid protein and relatively fatty meat with a decent amount of micros. It's much higher in zinc than chicken breast which zinc is important for new cell development. And it's still a good source of selenium which acts as an antioxidant and vitamin three which regulates the metabolism and nervous system. The skin which seems to be more commonly eaten with the thigh than the breast is one of the best sources of glycine, an amino acid that acts as an antioxidant and AIDS and central nervous system function. However, the real differences between chicken thigh and chicken breasts meat is that the thigh trades a bit of protein for a notable amount of fat mainly oleic acid, a mono unsaturated fat that is shown to reduce LDL and improve insulin sensitivity and sensory motor function but also palmitic acid the saturated fat that is shown to increase larger LDL particles and literally ik acid the polyunsaturated fat that is shown to lower LDL but comes with a few problems of its own. Overall you can't go wrong with including chicken thigh in your diet. The trade from protein to fats comes with its own benefits but makes it a little less flashable. I'll be placing chicken thigh in the AIDS here. Atlantic cod is a very low calorie mid protein and low fat meats with a mild at best micronutrient profile. The main draw to COD is that it's a very lean protein source. It's a good source of selenium which is used as an antioxidant and plays a key role in DNA formation. It's high in creatine which serves as an energy source for muscles and it's shown to support heart health and control blood pressure cod liver oil is very high in vitamin A vitamin D and omega three fatty acids and it does have a lower and safer concentration of mercury when compared to other fish hovering at about 0.11 parts per million. The main problem with cod is that it's just lower in protein and omega threes than other fish options but it's also been known to potentially contain some parasites and has been associated with gout problems caught as a good meat, fish, whatever that's only going in the beats here due to its falling short nutritionally compared to other options cooked Dungeness crab is a low calorie, mid protein and low fat meats with a really solid micronutrient profile owing mainly to its high concentration of vitamin B 12 that vitamin B 12 is important for blood and nervous system maintenance. But it's also a good source of selenium, which functions as an antioxidants and AIDS and DNA production. It also contains a good amount of zinc, which is vital for new cell development and crab is one of the best sources of copper which maintains the immune system aids in the making of red blood cells and is essential in metabolizing iron so it helps prevent anemia crab is a good source of omega three fatty acids which is shown to raise HDL levels decrease inflammation, maintain blood pressure and Aiden hormone creation crab is also a good source of acid Xanthine a carotenoids shown to increase HDL levels and protects brain health. Now crab is higher in sodium than most meats, so you're gonna want to keep an eye out not to eat too much and it has been associated with gout problems. However crabs unique benefits can't be overlooked and I believe it deserves a spot in the top tier. Cooks domestic duck is a mid calorie mid protein and pretty fatty meat with a decent micronutrient profile. It's a good source of selenium which acts as an antioxidant and certain B vitamins. Duck is also shown to promote heart health and improve bone strength and it's definitely a fattier meats with the highest concentration being oleic acid a mono unsaturated fat shown to lower LDL among other health benefits. Next is palmitic acid a saturated fat shown to raise the concentration of large LDL particles and adversely affect mood and energy levels and excess and ducts fat is rounded out with literally ik acid stearic acid and Paul metallic acid all of which hold a more neutral stance than the Other to duck is not a bad meat but the way I see it, there's nothing that duck provides that some other meat can't do better. To me it makes the most sense for it to be in the beats here whole chicken eggs, which I know are not a meat but like Where else did you want me to put them anyways, eggs are a mid calorie, lower protein and higher fat, proto meats. With a wide list of micronutrients. Eggs actually contain almost every nutrient with the exception of vitamin C. They're a great source of selenium which acts as an antioxidant and plays a key role in DNA formation. It's among the best sources of vitamin A on this list, which mainly aids in eye health and preservation. And it's also among the best sources of folate, vitamin B to vitamin D five and vitamin E eggs are very high and choline, which is an essential component for cell membranes and plays important roles in brain and memory developments. They're also a good source of creatine, which x is an energy source for muscles. Despite being high in cholesterol, they're actually shown to raise HDL levels and despite having a lower raw protein concentration, they contain amino acids and all the right ratios for the body's absorption and use. Lastly, eggs are very filling making them great for weight loss and breakfast. They are pretty high in fat, with the main contributors being oleic acid, palmitic acid, linoleic acid and stearic acid with the quantities and primary functions on screen and a lot of ways eggs are the best of what they do, and almost everyone could do for a couple more a week in their diet. I'll be placing them in the top tier cooked goat is a low calorie mid to high protein and low fat meats with a decent micronutrient profile. In fact, goat is among the leanest of red meats. It's high in zinc, which is necessary for new style developments and it's also high in a few B vitamins namely b two B three and B 12. But arguably the most important one is B 12, which is responsible for DNA synthesis and cell energy production goat is also a good source of heme iron which makes hemoglobin which moves oxygen throughout the body gold is high and choline which is used for cell membranes and brain and memory developments. Now goat is shown to release cancer inducing chemicals when cooked on high heats though goat is not nearly as thoroughly researched in regards to cancer as other meat options overall goat takes the place filling in the role of the leaner red meats giving you a unique blend of benefits. I'm going to be placing it in the eight here. lunch meat ham is a lower calorie, low protein and somewhat fatty meats and it's a mild source of micronutrients. Ham is high in selenium which the body uses as an antioxidant and it's also a good source of vitamin b1, which is needed for healthy skin and nervous system function. Ham is also higher in manganese than most meats. Manganese helps the formation of bones, connective tissue and certain hormones. It's also a good source of carnosine which has been linked with reduced fatigue and improve muscle performance. Now ham is a fattier meat with its main fatty acid being oleic acid, a mono unsaturated fat shown to lower LDL among other health benefits. Next is palmitic acid, a saturated fat that is shown to raise the concentration of large LDL particles and the leftovers primarily consists of Stearic Acid and linoleic acid ham is also higher in sodium than most meats, which too much sodium has been associated with higher blood pressure and an increased risk of stomach cancer. Also, the curing and smoking processes may increase the risk of certain cancers. They also typically contain nitrates and nitride based preservatives All in all, it seems like a lot of the problems are not so much with the meat itself, but how its prepared ham comes with some unique benefits as well as its fair share of issues. I'll be placing it in the seats here. Beef and pork hotdogs are a high calorie, low protein and very fatty meats with a practically negligible micronutrient profile.
Let's start with the good hot dogs are a decent source of a couple of micronutrients, namely selenium, which acts as an antioxidant and vitamin B 12, which is important for maintenance of blood and the nervous system. And that's about it. Hot dogs are also pretty fatty containing more than double the amount of fat as it does protein. The primary fat is oleic acid, the beneficial mono unsaturated fat that lowers LDL levels filing and after that is palmitic acid, the saturated fat that raises larger LDL particles. Then there's a notable concentration of Stearic acid, linoleic acid and Paul Metolius ik acid which are shown to either be neutral or have their benefits and hot dogs round out with myristic acid a shorter chain saturated fatty acid that is shown to have a stronger effect on raising LDL levels. Hot Dogs also contain a higher amount of sodium which in excess has been linked with higher blood pressure and stomach cancer. They've also been shown to increase the risk of colon cancer and they're often eaten with ketchup and white bread buns which are full of simple sugars. Hot dogs suck. Do they even qualify as meat F's here? They go straight to the left here cooked Amazon high calorie, mid protein and high fat meat and is a decent source of certain micronutrients. It's a good source of vitamin B 12, which assists in the creation of new blood cells and it's also a good source of selenium which acts as an antioxidant in the body. Lamb is a good source of creatine, which is an energy source for muscles and has a very high concentration of conjugated linoleic acid which has been linked to fat loss. Now, lamb is among the fattier of red meats with the main fat being the mono unsaturated fat oleic acid. It also includes other common fatty acids like palmitic acid, stearic acid and linoleic acid. But beyond that it has one of the more complex fat profiles including a good amount of myristic acid, a shorter chain saturated fatty acid with more powerful LDL raising effects. Overall lamb is a good read meats just probably not one you should be building your diet around. Because of that, I'll be placing it in the beats here. cooked beef liver is a low calorie, higher protein and low fat meats and is among the most nutrient dense foods on the planet. It's among the richest sources of vitamin B 12, which is needed for the creation of new cells. It's also among the richest sources of copper, which aids in iron absorption. It's among the highest and vitamin A a collection of antioxidants that contribute to eye health. And it's also one of the best meat sources of folate, which plays a role in DNA and RNA synthesis and protein metabolism. It's also very high in choline, which is essential for cell membranes, as well as brain and memory development, as well as being a good source of pretty much everything else including iron, phosphorus and several B vitamins, and it does all of this while being incredibly lean. Now while liver functions and filtering toxins, there is little evidence that it is shown to contribute negatively because it does not store them. However, consuming too much vitamin A can lead to vitamin A toxicity which may lead to vision problems bone weakness or nausea and consuming too much copper can cause copper toxicity which may lead to oxidative stress and may increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease liver as a whole is far too nutritious for me to not included in the top tier with the caveat that you can definitely eat too much. If you can stomach it that is cooked mutton is a relatively high calorie, very high protein and pretty fatty red meat with an impressive micronutrient profile. It's a great source of vitamin B 12, which is responsible for new cell synthesis, and it's a good source of selenium which the body uses as an antioxidant. It also provides a good amount of zinc which plays a role in new cell development as well as iron which is responsible for oxygen transfer mutton is also a good source of creatine which serves as an energy source for muscles and it contains tarragon and glutathione, which serve as antioxidants. It also contains conjugated linoleic acid, which has been shown to aid with fat loss. Now mudon is a relatively fatty meat with a complex combination of fatty acids. The main three are still only acid, palmitic acid and stearic acid but it has smaller yet significant concentrations of all of these. Now again, red meats like mutton have been associated with an increased risk of heart disease and certain cancers. But from a nutritional standpoint, mutton is generally a cut above the rest of the red meats and I think it's earned a spot in the top tier pepperoni is a very high calorie, mid protein and very fatty meats with a surprisingly good micronutrient profile. It's a good source of selenium which the body uses as an antioxidant. And with most pork products, it's a good source of manganese which helps the formation of bones connective tissue and certain hormones. Unfortunately, pepperoni contains twice as much fat as it does protein. The majority of it is oleic acid followed by palmitic acid, Stearic acid, linoleic acid and pretty much every other fatty acid known to mankind, notably a relevant amount of my Ristic acid, the saturated fat that seems to have a stronger influence on raising LDL on top of that pepperoni is very high in sodium, which in excess has been associated with high blood pressure and an increased risk of stomach cancer. It is typically preserved by nitrates which have been known to be carcinogenic, I don't think I have to be the one to tell you that pepperoni should not be a super consistent part of your diet, but there are definitely worse things to eat in moderation, so I'm gonna put it in the details here. cooked ground pork is a high calorie, mid to high protein and high fat meats with a good micronutrient profile. It's one of the best sources of vitamin b1, which is needed for healthy skin and nervous system function. It's also high in selenium which the body uses as an antioxidant. Pork is a good source of creatine, which serves as an energy source for muscles. It's also a good source of carnosine, which has been linked with reduced fatigue and improve muscle performance. And it's also got a good amount of choline, which is used in cell membranes and brain and memory development. Now pork is much fattier than most red meats with the main fatty acids being oleic acid palmitic acid stearic acid and little li ik acid Be careful with how you cook your pork as well. Pork when cooked at high heats is shown to raise heterocyclic amines, which raise the risk of several types of cancer, but when it's undercooked, it could leave you vulnerable to parasites like toxoplasma and tapeworms though this is not nearly as common as it once was. All my life I've always thought of pork as beefs, fat little brother, and well it kind of is but it's overall a net positive meats and I think it edges out in the beats Here. Pan fried pork chops are a high calorie, mid protein and high fat meats with a solid micronutrient profile. It's a good source of selenium which the body uses as an antioxidant and vitamin b1, which is needed for healthy skin and nervous system function. Porque is a good source of creatine which serves as an energy source for muscle. It's a good source of carnosine, which has been linked with reduced fatigue and improved exercise performance, and it's also a good source of choline, which the body uses in cell membranes and brain and memory developments. Once again, porque is pretty fatty for red meat still containing mainly oleic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid and linoleic acid with smaller quantities of others. Once again, be careful how you cook your pork thoroughly and preferably limiting high heat pork is pork nutritionally at least in its more natural states, it's going to offer very similar benefits across the board. I'm going to be placing pork chops in the beats here as well cooked wild rabbit is a lower calorie, very high protein and very lean meats with a very solid micronutrient profile rabbit is interestingly one of the few mammals categorized as white meats. It's an amazing source of vitamin B 12, which is important for blood and nervous system maintenance. And it's also a great source of iron, which moves oxygen throughout the body rabbit is also a good source of choline, which is used for cell membranes and brain and memory developments. And lastly, it's a good source of creatine which is used as an energy source for muscles with no real notable downsides to speak of overall rabbit may be the most healthy meat on this list landing at a safe spot in the top tier Salami is a high calorie, lower protein and higher fat meats with a surprisingly high micronutrient profile. It's a good source of B vitamins, particularly b one which is needed for healthy skin and nervous system function and b 12, which is used for blood and nervous system maintenance. The thing is Salami is really fatty. I couldn't pin down amounts of Mato unsaturated fats but the main saturated fats are palmitic acid, stearic acid and my Ristic acid all of which have varying effects on LDL and overall health Salami is also very high in sodium, which in excess has been linked with high blood pressure and an increased risk of certain cancers. It's also highly processed with preservatives like nitrates increasing the risk of certain cancers and it's shown to be more susceptible to contamination with certain harmful pathogens. Salami just like the rest of the process meats should not be a major part of your diet. It belongs in the D tier, raw sockeye salmon is a mid calorie mid protein and mildly fatty meats with an impressive microprofile It is easily the best source of omega three fatty acids on this list with over 1300 milligrams in 100 grams of meat these mainly being Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. These are shown to raise HDL levels decrease inflammation, maintain blood pressure, improve artery function and aid in hormone creation. Salmon is also an amazing source of vitamin D, which helps the body absorb and retain calcium and phosphorus both of which are essential for bone health. It's also very high in Vitamin B 12, which is used for blood and nervous system maintenance and selenium which the body uses as an antioxidant. Salmon is a great source of creatine which is used as an energy source for muscles a good source of acid Xanthine, which is shown to increase HDL levels protect brain health and reduce inflammation. Lastly, salmon has shown to improve mental health now salmon does contain some metals like mercury, but typically only around 0.0 to two parts per million typically not enough to be concerning salmon is the very best at what it does and even out shines its competitions in ways you wouldn't expect it to. It would be a crime to put it anywhere lower than the top tier, but I don't think anyone would do that cooked pork Italian sausage is a high calorie and low protein and very fatty meats with a solid micronutrient profile. It's a good source of B vitamins, specifically vitamin b1, which is needed for healthy skin and nervous system function. The thing is Italian sausage is just really fatty, which contributes a lot of unnecessary calories. Those fatty acids in particular are oleic acid, palmitic acid, Stearic acid, linoleic acid and palmitic acid. It's also higher in sodium, which in excess has been associated with high blood pressure and certain cancers. It's also often processed and covered in preservatives like nitrates and nitrites, which are known carcinogens. Overall Italian sausage is not too different than most processed meats. It should be eaten in moderation and We'll be joining the deeds here cooked shrimp is a very low calorie, mid protein and lean meats with a decent micronutrient profile. It's actually the lowest calorie item on this list and among the leanest, it's a good source of omega three fatty acids, about 350 milligrams per 100 grams and those are shown to raise HDL levels among other health benefits see salmon for more information. It's also a great source of selenium which the body uses as an antioxidant and a good source of vitamin B 12, which is used for blood and nervous system maintenance. Shrimp also contains asked to Xanthine which is shown to increase HDL levels, protect the brain and reduce inflammation. Now shrimp is sometimes covered in sulfites, but overall it's a fairly safe and very nutritious meats. Earning at a place in the Atelier beef tenderloin steak is a higher calorie, higher protein and higher fat meats with an important set of micronutrients. Steak is a good source of selenium which the body uses like an antioxidant. It's also a good source of specific B vitamins which maintain various bodily functions. Beef in particular has always been known for zinc, which is important for new cell development and maintenance of various bodily functions. Steak is a good source of carnosine, which has been linked with reduced fatigue and improved muscle performance. It's high in choline, which is used in cell membranes as well as development of your brain and memory. And it's of course got a good amount of creatine which serves as an energy source for muscles. Steak also contains tar, iron and glutathione, which serve as antioxidants and conjugated linoleic acid a naturally occurring trans fats shown to aid with fat loss. Some steaks do contain a good amount of fat, mainly oleic acid, palmitic acid and stearic acid with smaller quantities of Palmetto leak
